in tonight's featured call for action
several Cameron County families living
down one Road or driving even walking in
a mixture of mud and caliche just to get
to their home getting the road fix has
been a battle they have fought for years
tonight we take action for them when it
rains it pours on FM 408 and when it
pours in La Paloma this ghalichi covered
dirt road is a mud pit the animals
forced Olivia are clearly uncomfortable
and the nine families are downright
angry net eva gutierrez and her
neighbors called on Action 4 News after
years of dealing with the unpaved
unmaintained Road off Espinosa just
outside San Benito city limits they
don't even know how they will get in or
out no sabemos ya como vamos aunt re
salad this is just one of the holes in
the center of FM for a children have to
walk through here before and after
school there's like seven kids walking
through here the buses don't wanna pass
through here didn't want to do this did
you leave a regular in the corner so
she's terrible plus the state of the
road makes it dangerous for emergency
vehicles to transport a patient which
was the case when nuevas mother needed
to get to the hospital enochian pretoria
EMS didn't think it was safe to drive
through here without getting stuck they
all want help getting the attention of
whoever is supposed to be in charge of
this road so we called on Cameron County
Commissioner Dan Sanchez since this is
in his district turns out it's not that
simple in order for the county to
accepted into the county's road system
it had to be up to standard and this
road was never up to standard Sanchez
says the owners of this subdivision are
responsible for bringing it up to
standard yes ma'am we contacted those
owners who pass the buck back to the
county but we had them speak to each
other until a compromise was made they
come up with the material to pave we
will pave it the families who pay a
monthly fee of 200 plus dollars to the
owner of their homes and taxes to the
county remain confused over which entity
will take responsibility since they've
been getting the runaround for ten years
yes on dias on your skin or decent
little me small but they can rest
assured that Action 4 News will stay on
top of the muddy matter
hard it is really hard again so the
County says they will provide the
manpower if the owners of the
subdivision not the families come up
with roughly eighty thousand dollars for
the materials to pave FM 408 another
option commissioner Santa says is to
also take up before Commissioner's Court
the possibility of the county covering
the entire operation but the owner
should first attempt to take
responsibility these residents called us
today we had the Commissioner out there
in no time to meet them do you have a
call for action you would like for me to
look into find me now on facebook.com
slash Action 4 News Marcie and on
twitter at marcy kgbt